## Name of Student:
* Thomas McDowell

## Name of Project:
* "Iconoclast" Card Game

## Project's Purpose or Goal
* Create an entertaining card game based on rock-paper-scissors.
* Users mix two factions fixed decks together and flip over cards one at a time to determine the round's winner.

## Minimum Features Required 
* Card objects have referenceable stats.
* Card objects can be stored in/generated by Deck objects.
* Players are able to mix two fixed decks to make two playable decks each.
* Players are able to "draw" cards from these decks simultaneously to determine a winner between the cards' stats.
* Each round, the winner gets points based on a best 3 out of 5 system.
* A game ends when one player runs out of cards in their deck, and a winner is declared based on points earned.

## What tools, frameworks, libraries, APIs, modules and/or other resources (whatever is specific to your track, and your language) will you use to create this MVP? 
## List them all here and be specific.
* C#
* Unity Game Engine
* Unity Assets
* SQL (possibly)

## If the MVP is done with time to spare, what will you work on next?
* Faction Leader mechanics (each fixed deck should have a leader. A player deck will have a main leader and a sub-leader. The player may invoke the main leader once per round).
* Catch-up Betting mechanic (the trailing player should be able to bet or wager points to earn a bonus for winning).
* Game Sets (a set should be won over the best 2 out of 3 rounds).
* Background music and/or sound effects.
* Background visual effects (particles, camera shakes, anything outside of the basic UI).

## What additional tools, frameworks, libraries, APIs, or other resources will these additional features require?
* Artist talent.
* Unknown if additional libraries will be necessary; Unity's assets are quite robust.
